LawConnect provides the functionality for practice managers to book client appointments on behalf of the lawyers in their law firm. This function allows direct access to the calendars of the individual lawyers. 
 
You can book appointments for both new and existing clients. The bookings include all the features and notifications set for the 
appointment type
, for example reminder notifications, rescheduling and client reviews. 
 
In this article we take you through the process of booking appointments for multiple lawyers in your firm on LawConnect.
 
Client appointments can also be booked 
directly by clients
 and by 
individual lawyers
.
 
 
 
How to book client appointments for the lawyers in your firm
To book appointments on behalf of multiple lawyers in your firm:
 
1.  Select 
Firm Dashboard
 in the top bar. 
2.  Select 
Book Appointment
. 
 
3.  Select an appointment type in the 
Select Appointment Type
 pick list.
See 
Adding and managing appointment types for your law firm as a practice manager
 for more about appointment types.
 
4.  Select a date and time in any lawyer's calendar. 
This view shows the normal availability in each lawyer's calendar. 
 
5.  For 
Meeting at Court
 appointment types, select the relevant court in the 
Court
 pick list.
6.  Optionally, select 
Flexible Date/Time
, and: 
Select the 
Date
 field and then select a date in the popup calendar.
Select a start and end time in the pick lists in the 
Start Time
 and 
End Time
 fields. 
Both fields allow you to select times in 15-minute intervals over a 24-hour period.
This option allows you to schedule appointments at times outside of the lawyer's normal office hours, for durations that are different from the 
settings for the appointment type
.
 
7.  
Client details
: 
New clients
: Enter the client's first and last name, mobile number, email address and select a time zone, if necessary. 
The 
Client
 field defaults to 
-- New Client --
 so you can ignore it for this option. 
Existing clients
: Enter the first few letters of the client's name or surname in the 
Search
 box and then select the client in the pick list. 
As you enter content in the box, the pick list updates to offer more accurate matches. When you select the client in the list, their name, mobile number and email address automatically populate the corresponding fields. 
Note! The list of clients includes clients previously booked on LawConnect and those booked through any integrated practice-management software, for example 
Clio
 or 
LEAP
.
8.  Select 
Continue
.
 
9.  Complete any 
form fields
 and then select 
Book Appointment Now
. 
This example uses a default 
appointment type
, 
Meeting as Lawyer's Office
, to which the default 
form
 is assigned. Custom forms may include additional fields.
 
10. Select 
View Appointments
 in the confirmation page to return to 
Firm Dashboard
. 
 
11. Repeat this procedure (step 2 to 10) for every additional appointments you need to book. 
 
See 
Managing client appointments for the lawyers in your firm as a practice manager
 for instructions on how to manage client appointments after your have booked them.
 
 