LawConnect provides the functionality for lawyers to book appointments for their clients on LawConnect. 
 
You can book appointments for both new and existing clients. The bookings include all the features and notifications set for the 
appointment type
, for example reminder notifications, rescheduling and client reviews. 
 
In this article, we take you through the process of booking appointments for your clients on LawConnect as a lawyer.
 
Client appointments can also be booked 
directly by clients
 and 
by practice managers
 on behalf of the lawyers in their firm.
 
 
 
How to book appointments for your clients on LawConnect 
To book appointments for your clients:
 
1.  In 
My Dashboard
 select 
Book Appointment
. 
 
2.  Select an appointment type in the 
Appointment Type
 pick list. 
3.  For 
Meeting at Court
 appointment types, select the relevant court in the 
Court
 pick list.
4.  Select an 
Appointment Schedule 
option:
Calendar Availability
: Select a date and time in your calendar.
This option displays your standard availability in your calendar for the appointment type. See 
Managing your availability for appointment types as a lawyer
 for more. 
Flexible Date/Time
: 
- Select the 
Date
 field and then select a date in the popup calendar.
- Select a start and end time in the pick lists in 
Start Time
 and 
End Time
 fields. 
 
Both fields allow you to select times in 15-minute intervals for a 24-hour period.
This option allows you to schedule appointments outside of your standard calendar availability (including out-of-office hours), and for durations that are different from the 
settings for the appointment type
..
5.  
Client details
: 
New clients
: Enter your client's first and last name, mobile number, email address and select a time zone, if necessary. 
The 
Client
 field defaults to 
-- New Client --
 so you can ignore it for this option. 
Existing clients
: Enter the first few letters of your client's name or surname in the 
Search
 box and then select the client in the pick list. 
As you enter content in the box, the pick list updates to offer more accurate matches. When you select the client in the list, their name, phone number and email automatically populate the corresponding fields. 
Note! The list of clients includes clients previously booked on LawConnect and those booked through any integrated practice-management software, for example 
Clio
 or 
LEAP
. 
6.  Select 
Continue
.
7.  Complete any 
form fields
.
This example uses a default 
appointment type
, 
Meeting as Lawyer's Office
, to which the default 
form
 is assigned. Custom forms may have additional or different fields.
 
8.  Select 
Book Appointment Now
. 
 
See 
Managing your client appointments on LawConnect as a lawyer
 for how to manage client appointments after your have booked them. 
 
 
 
 
Locking your timezone
If you have a virtual receptionist in a different timezone (including Smith.ai) who books appointments for you, or you work in more than one timezone, it is useful to know how to lock your timezone to avoid booking conflicts.  
 
You can lock your timezone by adding the timezone parameter to the URL of your 
lawyer profile
.
 
To find your profile URL:
 
1.  Select 
My Dashboard
 in the top bar. 
2.  Select 
My Profile
 and then 
Preview Profile
.
3.  Copy the URL from the address bar in your browser.
Your profile URL will be similar to 
https://lawconnect.com/<country
 code>/lawyer/<your name>.html, for example 
https://lawconnect.com/uk/lawyer/rachael-smith.html
 
 
To add a timezone parameter:
1.  Find the correct parameter in Google's list of 
Supported Time Zone Values
.
Parameters have no spaces and have are typically in the <country name>/<city/region name> format, for example America/New_York, Europe/London, or Australia/Melbourne. 
2. Add ?timezone=<your timezone parameter> at the end of your profile URL.
For example, 
https://lawconnect.com/uk/lawyer/rachael-smith.html?timezone=Europe/London
.
 
 
See 
Changing your timezone section
 in  
Managing your LawConnect account as a lawyer
 for more information about setting your timezone in LawConnect. 
 
 