As a lawyer, you can manage your clients accounts on LawConnect in your 
My Clients
 area. 
 
In this article, we take you through the process of managing your client accounts, including how to access, search, edit, delete and download client information, as well as book client appointments in the 
My Clients
 area. 
 
 
 
Accessing your client accounts
To access your client accounts:
 
1.  Select 
My Dashboard
 in the top bar, if necessary. 
 
2.  Select 
Manage Clients
 (below your appointment table).
 
Your 
My Clients
 area includes: 
Search and download functions.
A table listing all your clients that includes each client's name, date of last appointment, total number of appointments, as well as actions to book appointments, and edit and delete their account.
 
 
Searching for client accounts
To search for a client account:
 
1.  Enter the client's name, email address or mobile number (or the first few letters of any) in the search box.
 
2.  Select the search icon.
 
3.  The table reloads to show only clients that match the search term. .
 
 
 
Booking client appointments 
To book an appointment for a client:
 
1.  Select 
Book
.
 
2.  Select an appoint type, and a date and time, in 
Calendar Availability
 or 
Flexible Date/Time
 mode.  
 
Calendar Availability
 displays your normal availability and 
Flexible Date/Time
 allows you to schedule appointments for specific times and durations, which can be outside of your standard office hours. See 
Booking appointments for your clients on LawConnect as a lawyer
 for more.
 
 
 
Editing client details
To edit a client's details:
 
1.  Select 
Edit
.
 
2.  Update or add any details in the form.
 
3.  Optionally, select 
Yes
 in 
Add Client Address?
 to add the client's location. 
When you select this option, additional fields for the client's address become available. 
 
4.  Save.
 
 
 
Deleting client accounts
To delete a client account.
 
1.  Select 
Delete
.
 
2.  Select 
Delete Client
.
 
Warning! Deleted client accounts cannot be recovered.
 
 
 
Downloading client accounts
You can download your client account details in a CSV (comma-separated values) file. 
This is useful when you want to transfer data to another system or work with it in a spreadsheet application like Microsoft Excel, for example.
 
To download your appointments:
 
1.  Select Download (below the table).
2. The file downloads to your computer in CSV format.
The file is named 
<Your Name> - LawConnect Contacts.csv
 
 